[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
A new hero has
appeared to protect
the citizens of Satan City:
Great Saiyaman!
But, determined to expose him,
Videl inches ever
closer to uncovering
her rival's secret identity.
Has Great Saiyaman
met his match?
Find out today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
I don't get it; where could
Chobi have flown off to?
He was here a
couple days ago when
we came to check on him, right?
Weird, huh?
I don't think
the little fella's big
enough to fly
on his own just yet.
Come to think of it,
where are his folks?
One of 'em usually stays behind.
Well, I guess we'll need
to have a look around.
[CHI-CHI]
Don't worry, dear.
I'm sure he's fine.
But I'm scared
something happened.
[TV ANNOUNCER] ...a so-called
baby monster, who began his tour
with the troupe right
here in our own backyard.
The circus owes this peculiar
find to its promoter, Mr.Musuka,
who tracked and trapped
the creature himself.
Though the critter is a bit shy,
audiences have been delighted.
That's Chobi!
[TV ANNOUNCER]
Tomorrow's performance is
expected to sell out.
Get your tickets now!
Oh, performance my foot.
Just look at him!
He's terrified!
No doubt.
What kind of person steals
a baby hatchling from its nest?
He must've been staking it out,
waiting for Chobi's
parents to leave.
We have to save
Chobi from the scary man!
Don't you worry, I've got this.
Hey, it's what I do, right?
Whoa... Check this place out.
[indistinctive chatter]
[CROWD laughing]
[CHOBI yelps]
[GOHAN]
Hang in there, Chobi.
You'll be back home with your
mom and dad in no time.
[GOHAN]
Excuse me.
Are you, uh,
like the man I'd talk to if
I had an issue about the show?
Maybe.
Depends on the issue.
Well, I think it's awful what
you're doing to that creature.
You should really let him go.
Ha! Don't be ridiculous.
I've already got a sold out run
booked in North City next week!
It took a lotta effort gettin'
my hands on this
little golden goose,
and now that I've got it,
I'm gonna milk it
for all its worth!
[laughs]
Unbelievable.
I've seen some
bad stuff, mister,
but stealing a baby just so you
can turn a profit is the worst!
You don't say?
Well guess what,
Goody-Two-Shoes;
it's a little somethin' we
grownups call Finders Keepers!
That critter's mine now, so I
can do whatever I want, got it?
[laughs]
[GOHAN] I'm just going to
have to wait until dark.
Poor Chobi must really miss his
parents right about now, huh?
And they've got
to be worried sick, too.
Wait a minute.
You think they're
out looking for him?
Like, as in leaving
no stone unturned?
Or, no skyscraper unturned?
[TOTO growls]
[MRS. TOTO roars]
G'night.
Behave yourself, eh?
Help has arrived, lil' guy.
It's your pal.
Yeah. Gohan.
Easy as pie.
Heh. Now.
What do you say we get you
back to where you belong?
Hold on tight, okay?
[STRONGMAN]
Who you s'posed to be?
I'm a champion of justice!
More like a thief!
Hey! Cut it out!
Ease up, sir.
This could've done
some real damage.
Are you from outer space?
[GOHAN]
Up, up, and away!
[TRAINER] We've
got a situation, boss!
Some weirdo just made
off with our star attraction!
What?
You better be kidding!
[CHOBI wails]
[GOHAN]
Whoa!
[GOHAN] Hey, hey, hey!
Easy there, wiggle worm.
We're a bit high up for this.
Cut me some slack, huh?
Stop squirmin'.
Somebody's afraid
of flying, aren't they?
Okay, okay.
We'll hike it on foot.
One of these days
you're going to
have to get over
that fear, you know?
[sirens wail]
There! That's the guy!
Arrest that thief!
You're tellin' me Great
Saiyaman pulled this heist?
Ya think you
know someone.
Put the creature down and get
those hands behind your head!
[GOHAN]
Not gonna happen! Sorry!
[yells]
[tires screeching]
Oopsie.
[GOHAN] I have to get
Chobi out of the city, quick.
[VIDEL] Not so fast,
Great Saiyaman!
You've got some
nerve pulling a stunt like
this after strutting
around like a hero!
Shame on you!
You've got the wrong idea!
I'm just taking him
back to his family.
He's a baby, that's
what's best for him!
If he stays around here,
it's only a matter of time
before his parents show up
and start
trashing the place!
[VIDEL] Hand over
the animal or else!
If you won't surrender quietly,
I've got no problem taking
you in by force if I have to!
[roars]
Just don't be
upset if that silly mask
gets knocked off in the process.
I'll be doing you
a favor, trust me!
[laughs]
Don't just stand there
looking incompetent!
The criminal's right
in front of you people;
throw the cuffs on him!
Calm down, sir.
Videl's got everything
under control.
Should I know this girl?
Mr. Satan's daughter?
You live under a rock?
Yeah, well, for your
sakes, you boys
better hope she
knows what she's doin'!
[GOHAN] Why does
she always show up
at the worst possible time?
This is not gonna be pretty.
[GOHAN] Videl, you really
ought to rethink this.
[VIDEL] Aw, is the big bad man
nervous about fighting a girl?
'Cause if you don't think I'm
tough enough to take you on,
I've got news for you--
I can give as good as I get!
[GOHAN exhales nervously]
[VIDEL]
Hi-ya!
[GOHAN yelps]
[CHOBI yells]
Hm! I'd been hoping to
get a chance like this.
I've wanted to test
your strength almost
as much as I've
wanted to unmask you.
Now I get to do both!
Let's see what you've got!
Um, I really don't want--
Just so you know,
I'm not holdin' back!
[grunts, yells]
Hm?
[yells, grunts]
[GOHAN] She means business!
And I'll give her this--
she's most definitely
stronger than her dad!
My bad, I'm sorry.
Don't apologize!
Best jump in now.
[CHOBI groans]
Thought you could
walk out on me?
[GOHAN]
Chobi!
I'd focus more on
my opponent if I were you,
Great Saiyadork!
--Listen--!
--You got something to say?
If we don't hurry up and give
Chobi back to his parents,
this whole city's
literally gonna
become their new
stomping grounds.
Stop fighting and help me!
If you think I'm
falling for that you've
got another thing
coming, jerk wad!
It's the truth!
Please, Videl!
Good one.
Oh, but you better just
be gettin' warmed up!
[GOHAN] There has to be
a way to make her understand.
[CHOBI bawling]
Huh?
Uh-oh.
[bawling]
[MUSUKA grunts]
Quit squawkin',
you little brat!
Wow. This is bad.
[MRS. TOTO shrieks]
[CITIZENS yell]
[ALL]
Run for your lives!
Open fire!
Stop it!
They don't mean us any harm!
They're just trying to
rescue their little baby!
Please Videl.
Help me sort this out.
We can calm them down.
They need to see that we're
not gonna hurt Chobi.
Are you with me?
Uh, sure.
Come on. It'll get ugly
if we drag our feet!
Yeah, okay. I'm on it!
Don't shoot!
He's gonna be okay!
Look! We're giving
him back to you!
This was all a big
misunderstanding!
[TOTO roars]
No way.
Don't tell me you're a
close personal friend?
Kinda.
We all used to play together
when I was growing up.
Don't worry; I know they
seem frightening now,
but this isn't the real them.
They're just worked
up about Chobi
being taken from
the nest, that's all.
[CHOBI shrieks]
[TOTO roars]
Toto! It's okay!
It's just me! Goha--
Huh?
Uh. Um. I mean...
What's the matter?
Spit it out.
I don't think they quite
caught it the first time.
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
I knew I should've
listened to my gut!
You've been Gohan all along!
Say your name!
I'm not letting go
until you do!
Ugh! Seriously?
This isn't the time
or the place!
Toto!
Hey, get back here!
The only one who's walking
away with that beast is me!
He's mine whether
you like it or not!
Videl!
Toto, no! Don't!
I'm sorry, old friend!
[GOHAN grunts]
Don't worry, Chobi.
He's all right.
Big guy's just tuckered
out from lookin' for you.
You-- You saved my life.
[GOHAN]
Hm-hmm!
Excellent work.
You can take it
from here if you like.
Bye!
[GOHAN]
Hey, look at that!
Guess that fear of flying stays
out of the way when
Momma's around.
You are one fickle beastie.
[chuckles]
You mark my words,
before this is over
I'll trap the whole clan!
[VIDEL]
Try it and I'll clobber you.
That's a promise.
I'd play it safe
if I were you.
Those medical bills
have a way of piling up...
[laughs]
Seriously, put your
hands behind your back.
Cool! Everyone is okay!
[laughing]
You're the man, big brother!
[laughs]
Yeah!
Mm. I never get bored
watching the master.
Hm?
The old man's not too
shabby, eh Videl?
You keep that training up
and maybe one of these
days you'll be ready for
the big time yourself.
[VIDEL] Watching the World
Martial Arts Tournament
clips again?
You know, I've heard
that the champion
before you was no
slouch, either.
Did you ever have
a chance to meet him?
Yeah...
I think his name was
"Goku" or somethin'.
He wasn't all that.
Just some amateur that
came out of nowhere
and managed to luck his way
through the tournament
with a bunch'a tricks
and razzle dazzle.
He didn't even bother to show
his face the year I won.
Probably 'cause he knew I'd mop
the ring with it if he did!
[laughs intensely]
"Goku," huh?
I wonder--
[school bell chimes]
[GOHAN] Ugh! I'm gonna
be late again!
Hello, Gohan.
Lovely morning.
Huh?
Oh, hey Videl.
Yeah, I suppose it is.
So, thanks for yesterday.
Ah, well.
Don't mention it;
I'm just glad you're safe.
We can stop pretending, right?
No point since the
cat's out of the bag.
You're Great Saiyaman
and that's all there is to it!
Oh no!
I can't believe I spilled
the beans after going
through all that trouble
to hide my identity!
Note to self: next time I decide
to juggle a secret alter ego,
I probably ought to learn
how to keep a secret first.
Oh man, what am I gonna do?
I thought it was you
the first time I heard
that terrible
excuse for a voice.
But, then I thought,
what reason would you possibly
have to dress up like
that in the first place.
Well, I--uh-- I just
wanted to fit in here,
and I thought if people saw
me flying around the city
fighting crime they'd think
I was some kinda freak.
Am I a freak?
I didn't say that!
Look, while we're at it
why not 'fess up to
being the Golden Warrior?
That isn't me! Honest!
I'm not convinced.
It's the truth, I swear!
I absolutely cannot spill
the beans on that one.
Fine. Whatever.
Videl. It's super important
that we keep this
to ourselves.
Yeah well, I can see
why you'd be concerned.
How 'bout we make deal?
I'll keep my mouth shut
if you promise to enter
the World Martial Arts
Tournament coming up.
World Martial Arts Tournament?
You've heard of it--the one
where the world's top fighters
all compete to find out
who's the best of the best?
They're putting it on again
for the first time in years.
Dad was the reigning
champion last time around,
but the one before him
was some guy named Goku.
[GOHAN]
Eh. Oh yeah?
I never really knew
much about him,
so I decided to dig
up some old newspapers
from the year he
won the tournament.
Funny thing is, when
I finally saw a picture
of his face he looked
just like someone I know.
You.
Funny. Heh.
[GOHAN] Wow, nothing
gets by her, does it?
You're his son!
That's why you're so strong.
And that's why you're gonna
enter the tournament.
I mean, c'mon--the child
of the current champion
versus the child of the
previous champion?
Tell me that
wouldn't be exciting!
And it's not like you
can't hold your own.
I saw you knock a
monster unconscious.
Um yeah, no.
Not really my style.
Neat idea and all,
but I'm gonna have to pass.
[chuckles]
Fine then, don't enter!
Then I'll tell everyone
who Great Saiyaman is.
Give me a sec, I'll scream
it through the hall!
Aah! So not cool!
Look, go as your alter ego.
That way we can hash
it out and no one
will have to know
it's really you.
I don't know.
Want me to yell?
'Kay, I'll do what you want.
You're not giving me
much of a choice here.
Okay! Then it's settled.
I guess I'll be
seeing you in the ring!
It'll be a blast, promise.
[GOHAN] Ugh... How'd I
get mixed up in this stuff?
[VIDEL]
Oh hey, one more thing.
[GOHAN]
Naturally.
I want you to
teach me how to fly.
Can't be all that hard, right?
Kinda bugs me that you
can do something I can't.
Um. Okay?
Cool!
You have no idea how much
I'm looking forward to this!
Catch you later, big shot!
All righty, then.
That went well.
[BULMA]
Really...?
The World Martial
Arts Tournament?
Interesting.
Yeah.
Well, um.
Seems a little out of left
field coming from you.
[GOHAN]
I know.
Long story.
I won't go into details,
but I sorta
promised Mr. Satan's
daughter I'd enter.
Oh, wow. There's a
blast from the past.
You mean that fool that showed
up during the Cell Games?
Pranced around like
a circus performer?
I'm rather surprised to
hear the man had children.
Huh. So I assume
that his daughter
goes to school with you?
Sure, yeah.
Though she's nothing like her
dad as far as I can tell.
She can really fight!
I've seen her take down
guys more than twice her size.
But she only uses her powers
for good, so it's totally okay.
We're a lot alike, actually.
Anyway, the point is that she
found out who I am and
is threatening to
broadcast it unless
I battle her in the tournament.
[BULMA] Heard
you talk, didn't she?
It was bound to happen.
Look, hon. As far as kids go,
you're pretty level headed,
but you're still a chip
off your father's block.
So we'll retool the helmet,
add a voice modulator,
and voila: you're good to go.
Well, except... there's
a rule about gear.
Apparently they won't
let participants wear anything
that could be used as padding,
so helmets are a big no-no.
I was hoping we
could figure out some
other way for me
to disguise myself.
Any ideas?
Ah...
So, nothing that people might
assume is extra defense,
but we still need to
hide that it's you.
Actually, you know what?
We don't even have to
go high-tech for this one;
all we need is a
bit of camouflage.
[GOHAN]
Aha!
Of course!
We could go for the "super
exotic stranger" vibe!
Trunks. What do ya think?
Pretty cool, huh?
Leave me out of this.
Close enough.
Still, though,
can't be much fun for you,
taking part in some huge
brawl-a-thon when you
know you're gonna win.
[VEGETA]
Not so fast.
[BOTH gasp]
This so-called
tournament of yours,
I believe I'll enter as well.
[gasps]
[VEGETA] I have a theory
I'd like to test.
Back in the day, you may
have had the upper hand
when it came to raw power,
but since then I'm confident
I've bridged the gap between us.
Heh. Trains like a madman,
but he still
can't find a job.
Exactly like your father;
there must be something in the
Saiyan blood that makes
them allergic to work.
[chuckles nervously]
Wow--Dad versus Gohan?
How awesome is that?
[GOKU]
Sign me up, too!
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU]
Okay, Gohan?
Am I hearing things?
I'd know that voice anywhere!
Goku?
Kakarot.
Who's that?
No way!
Dad is that really you?
Sure is!
Long time no see, everybody!
Whoa, I don't believe this!
What's up?
Oh, well, you know.
Nothing much.
Just staying busy.
The usual.
[KING KAI chuckles]
You're serious?
You're really going to
come back down here
and join the World Martial
Arts Tournament?
Uh-huh!
Turns out if I ask her nicely,
Fortune Teller Baba
will give me a day
pass to Earth.
Pretty neat, huh?
Figured this'd be
a good time to use it.
And if you and Vegeta are doing
the tournament, then I am too!
Yeah!
Awesome!
Who's that?
I hope you're prepared, Kakarot.
I've had a lot of time to train.
I'd say my skills
are sharper than ever.
[chuckles]
I'm not surprised, Vegeta.
I've trained a lot, too.
This is gonna be fun!
Yes, I'm looking
forward to the rematch.
How about that?
He's back!
Ha! Your mother's
absolutely gonna flip
when she hears the news.
Not to mention
Krillin and the gang.
Yeah!
What's happening?
You know, Vegeta.
We better start brainstorming
on your disguise.
You don't wanna look
like you're ripping me off.
Forget it! I'm not playing
dress-up with you!
[GOHAN]
All right.
I'll see you guys
at the tournament.
I'm off to spread the word
that dad's coming back!
Take care!
Give our love to the crew!
Bye, Gohan!
Wow. I can't
wait to see him!
This is going to be awesome!
[NARRATOR] Thanks to Goku's
surprising announcement,
Gohan suddenly
has good reason to
look forward to the
upcoming tournament.
Now, it's off to share
the excitement--
next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
You didn't think
I'd let the guys
enter the toughest
competition on the planet
without me, did ya?
[GOHAN]
I can't wait!
I have to give it 110%
if Dad's gonna be there.
Hey, Goten, think you've got
what it takes to help me train?
Aaah!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[CHI-CHI]
Hold it, young man!
I'll not have you
looking like a delinquent!